Chat: Add Suggestions How-To (#8679)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Chat/45 Configure Suggestions/00 Configure Suggestions.md

> DevExtreme Chat can display suggestion buttons (a DevExtreme [ButtonGroup](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/ButtonGroup/Getting_Started_with_ButtonGroup/) component) above the message input field. To activate this capability, use the [suggestions](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChat/Configuration/#suggestions) object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DevExtreme Chat can display suggestion buttons (a DevExtreme [ButtonGroup](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/ButtonGroup/Getting_Started_with_ButtonGroup/) component) above the message input field. To enable this feature, use the [suggestions](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChat/Configuration/#suggestions) object.
```
